Okay.
Should be live here.
Hi.
So, I got a bunch of administrative
stuff to do today. I got to like get
ready for this conference. So, I figured
I would stream. We'll just kind of chill
and uh I'm going to be making the poster
on stream. I'll answer whatever the heck
people want to chat about with RL. We'll
have a decent time.
So, uh, I just found
I got the size for the poster 6 ft x 4T,
but I can't actually find the old puffer
lip poster, which is kind of annoying.
So, kind of just going to make something
super quick and hope that it's uh decent
enough.
think if I should just do it in Google
Slides. I probably should, right?
You don't get something that's like as
nice, but you get something a lot
quicker.
Oh, hang on. No, I did find it. Wait,
I literally just looked at this off
tried to find this off stream for a
while and I couldn't find it and then I
found it immediately here. Okay, so this
was the old poster.
We can do better than this.
We can definitely do better than this.
So,
and we have so much more stuff now
actually, don't we?
Ner's 2023.
Two years.
Okay. So, let's just start with
something.
offer a lab.
Or else
could be they say 6 feet by 4 feet,
uh by 48. Just that right
Actually, you're supposed to leave some
margin, right?
One will be vertical at
uh what like inch or two you margin.
Then
one
I don't know why I do this stuff myself.
I really should just find like a good
designer to just do this stuff like not
but it's actually very difficult to like
find people who you can just go a do
make something good
don't need like almost as much direction
as time it would take me anyways
we have new logos and stuff uh since
then.
So, this is obviously going to be like
way bigger.
I got to go figure out what fonts that
we uh typically use. Now, what do I have
on the website
Is that really all we have on the site?
I thought we did um
Okay. Yeah, I forgot I made this the uh
the thing. Okay, so we have a few
different ideas.
Oh yeah, this is also tiny here. Let me
make this a reasonable size for stream
better.
Reinforcement learning at a million
steps per second.
This is more appropriate for a side. I
think we just do fast insane
horsemen.
or do I have to do I think maybe we
stick closer to the title.
I think this is closer to the uh the
title of the accepted paper.
I'll put 3 0 on here as well. Even
though the paper was 20, I think that's
reasonable that we basically discuss.
We'll just present what I did in uh in 3
0. Well, we'll present what I did in 2,
but we'll like update it because some
stuff is no longer
as relevant, right?
This was funny as hell. Sorry, I'll have
you all put
Let's just do this around the uh the
text, I'd say.
Yeah, let's do this around the uh the
text.
So, I just need to come up with
I never do my posters like um most of
the ones at conferences that just have a
billion paragraphs of text. I think you
get like three sentences for a poster.
Let me see if I can keep them a little
bit closer to what I did in 20
fish and broadly compatible simulation.
So I did first party environments.
I can do
first party environment speed and then
the new algorithm stuff we'll put like
third or whatever and it'll be like hey
of 30.
Maybe we'll do it that way. Hey YouTube
folks, we're kind of just chilling and
making a poster for a little bit today.
Happy to chat about RL while I do this
and whatever else. Um but yeah, the plan
for today is hopefully do this. I might
have to update my business cards and
other crap as well. I figure I'd just
hang out on stream and um if I finish
this quickly, we will do some actual RL
later.
I got to add like a feature to Puffer
Lib that lets you quickly get data from
uh from the main process onto your
environment workers.
Oh, if anybody here is uh not stupid
with design, feel free to give me
suggestions. I suck at this.
I kind of just do it anyways.
I don't think I suck as badly as most of
the posters at the very least though cuz
most of the posters are like 10
paragraphs of text that nobody's got
time to read, like little tiny font and
you have no idea what the heck anything
is.
But I think I at least do better than
that. The bar is very low.
Do you watch R?
No, my guy. I watch like nothing.
fast vectorization
training
really love your stream. I'm a junior
Python dev, guys. Too much AI in my dev
and I mess up when things get complex.
Have you read my programming guide?
Had some good endorsements on it.
Don't have to take my word for it. You
can take the word of anyone else who's
uh endorsed it.
I will link this for you.
This is all my best advice in one place.
I wrote this specifically because I get
that question so often.
And the answer is not to lean more
heavily into AI.
Okay. So, we do something like this.
Yeah.
So, we'll do like
this is going to take up a whole bunch
of space.
Yeah, something. And your name is
something. That's funny.
Uh, let's go grab placeholder so I leave
space for this. Right.
I'm going to have to have this
somewhere.
Probably like down here somewhere. Yeah.
I'm actually gonna put Spencer on this
because of the amount of work he's done
and since he's going to be here in
person. He's not an author on the uh the
20 paper, but if I were presenting 300,
he would be an author because of the
amount of work he's done.
We're going to add uh we're going to add
Spencer onto this.
That way I don't get questions why he's
presenting stuff with me.
Thoughts on streaming deep reinforcement
learning, Dr. Joseph? Well, this is what
I do. I don't know. Sometimes I end up
just like whatever. I have other stuff I
have to get done that's puffer adjacent
and I may as well stream it anyways.
just hang out and chat with people while
I do it
because God knows this stuff is like
anything that's like this. I hate making
posters. I hate doing like
administrative stuff. I get so bored so
quickly.
But this also helps me uh not be bored.
This helps me not be bored.
I think do I have
Wait, I think he meant tutorials. Wait,
what would be
tutorials?
I have tutorials, right?
Look,
if you just check on this article, this
article includes tutorials, right?
Like this one includes tutorials
because this this one's literally a
step-by-step guide. It's not just read
this article, right? Says do this. You
read read and then you build this and
there's this links you to stuff that
tells you exactly how to do this. Right?
This gives you more things to read and
it gives you more things to do and then
it gives you more things to do and more
things to read. So it's interactive,
right? It's not just read this article
and now you know RL, right? There's
actually got to be some work around it.
How did you study in your PhD? I was
very bored.
I was like [ __ ] of myself to do my
stuff and still don't have enough time.
Yeah, that sounds about right.
That sounds about right. The tough thing
in academia, right, is like you're
butdding up against a lot of constraints
on how research is done and such that
make stuff slow. My work is way faster
now than it ever was before. Just the
pace at which I can do things is much
faster.
I've also gotten better to be fair,
right?
Oh, actually, I can literally just use
this as the photo, can I?
Is this a high enough res monitor for
this?
Isn't there a way to like get a
screenshot at a higher resolution? I
think there is, right?
Don't scream about this. You have way
better samples.
What would you suggest that I do?
Like I need it to be a static image.
This would be the quickest way to show
off all of our environments, wouldn't
it? is if I just like get this into like
a couple of rows and then print them out
really big.
Hi Joseph, I'm working on an RL side on
robotics for path planning
using LAR data and some autonomous task.
Do you think can help me? No else. It
depends on what type of robotics you're
doing. Um you're probably stuck working
with big heavy frameworks and simulators
for most stuff unless you're doing your
own custom environments. You can always
just wrap environments for puffer and
immediately have access to all our
tools. Like it's not any harder to wrap
for puffer than it is for gymnasium or
whatever.
What better samples do I have here than
this?
I mean like I could not include I guess
a few of the simpler ones, right?
Wait. Run a sample and make a short GIF.
Then use this image.
I don't know what you mean. GIF. This
needs to be static, right? Like this is
going on a physical poster. It can't be
um can't be a GIF.
Phone M is fire for base sample. Yeah.
So that I suppose that's the other thing
I could do.
I guess I just like make
just like get a bunch of screenshots.
Actually, you know, I you know what I
can do? I can kill two birds with one
stone because I also have to update my
business cards. And here, let me show
you.
So, this is my business card at the
moment, but the back of my business card
is literally just all our environments,
right? So, I could probably just get
good high-res assets and then reuse
them. preparing presentation. No, no,
no, no. This is the poster. Okay, so
this thing here, this is just me like
slamming together a poster real quick.
Yeah, you're right. I also have to do a
presentation, but I need the poster done
first cuz I have to get that printed.
Oh, I can literally just grab all these
images, can't I?
And just like collage them.
Single super cool. No, we can't just put
like one end. The point is to show that
we have all the different stuff, right?
If it were like it would be a if I were
doing a neural MMO presentation then it
would be
it would be that right but I I'm not.
Okay. So let me do
Yeah, this will definitely then this
will double as our um
Yeah, look at all these thumbnails I
have, right?
I should literally just be able to super
quick drag these in. Like make something
cool, you know?
consider using Canva. I'm not a
designer.
Like this doesn't just make it look
better automatically,
right?
If you could tune hyperparameters of
exploration exploitation
data which
okay so the issue with exploration
exploitation is that credit assignment
is like semi-h hardcoded by generalized
advantage estimation or in our case
puffer advantage like it's not even that
you need to get human neural data it's
like it you don't have the ability to
learn credit assignment at all I was
thinking about this earlier today in
Ready.
I'm going to get a better drone
thumbnail. I think
Look at all these M's we have.
Crazy not to use all this stuff, right?
So, actually, this this ends up pretty
good, doesn't it?
I can kind of just move these all
around.
Wait, hang on. Can't be tuned. It's kind
of static. Well, you can tune it, but
you only have control over like you've
got control over a couple hypers. And we
have like it's not like you're going to
get better hypers from using human data
or something. We just test all of them,
right? We have good hyperparameter
sweeps. The problem is that the
algorithm doesn't have sufficient
degrees of freedom to express it
regardless of what data you use.
This gets into harder algorithms
research though.
I kind of want a big neural MMO 3, don't
I?
I think I broke the uh the web version
though, didn't I? Like somehow this
doesn't tab anymore.
Like there's not a good way to formulate
that is the problem.
I think I see it.
I see it.
First image of this is great, I guess.
And we have this, right?
Gives you more
better than this.
So now I'm trying to think how much to
what extent I want to just make a big
collage
versus
just do this right and just add in some
graphs or something down here.
Oh yeah, that is like that is so um
that's so dated
and we like we're so much better than
this now.
Like we have stuff that's way way more
complicated than this where the AI
actually works and it's like over 10,000
times faster than this.
I mean, this was like the first thing I
built when I was 20
in RL.
I think we just make a big collage. No.
And then leave some spot for some
graphs.
Yeah, I hate I hate having to do
posters, which is why we're kind of just
doing something super quick now. Like I
don't have to actually waste my time
doing posters like everyone else does.
I mean you have you have to kind of
realize as well that this is going to be
like this is going to be really big when
when we print it cuz this poster is
huge.
What what does Canva Can give me a
concise like what does Canva actually do
better? Like what what like what makes
this easier with Canva?
Like I'm not a total [ __ ] with this,
right? Like yes, I could do this in
Photoshop or Illustrator or even [ __ ]
Just like for something of this level,
it's not actually faster or easier.
I'm pretty sure just making your poster
AI gen is like a shooting offense.
Okay, look. If you think it's this is
like a cool image, but like if you think
that this is a good idea to just have
like an obviously AI gen poster that
doesn't show any of your actual work
that you've done, you're crazy. Like the
shooting offense.
What is this? Working on just the
poster. I gotta I gotta get a better
Hang on. Let me get a a better drone
image.
I get one real quick.
It's bad enough that I do AI gen images
for my articles. All right. Like that's
bad enough.
I have the racing task set up.
Oh, this is pretty cool.
I think working on exploration
exploitation is a waste of time. Well, I
just I don't even know how you set that
up, right?
It's not that it's a waste of time. It's
that it's so far outside of what we're
doing because like we train models task
specific from scratch. So, how do you
get general purpose data that is useful
for, you know, whatever task we're
training on?
You see what I mean? Like, how like you
can't outline a concrete A to B to C to
this like works, right?
So, you know, why don't I just like
literally take the time go crop this?
Can't let me crop.
Of course, it doesn't let me crop. Why
would it let me crop?
What the heck?
Hate windows.
There used to be one that had a crop in
here that like
actually I'm dumb. Hang on. know what I
did wrong.
I had some people even pay
professionals.
Uh I mean that's a reasonable thing to
do honestly. Like this is your job. Uh
it like that's a totally reasonable
thing to do.
I've actually I've done that before for
like specific design things around. It's
like engineers are not designers. I
don't know how to make [ __ ] look good,
right?
If you want to work on your thesis in
the RL field, if you want to work on
your thesis in RL field with your
knowledge, what field fascinates you?
Well, I'm obviously going to just tell
you the exact thing that I did for my
thesis, right? Which is neural MMO.
I'm going to tell you the exact thing
that I did, right?
If you ask me that way,
that part of expense. No way.
I pay all this stuff with my own money,
right? It's a business expense.
I mean, how much do you think 20 servers
cost, right?
Oh, during my PhD. I mean, towards the
very end of it where like I was doing
Well, I've had like way worse incidents
where I've ended up having to pay for
[ __ ] in my PhD.
Like, it's really not a big deal.
you seen the US AI?
Yeah, I saw I very briefly saw it some
like some stuff actually looked pretty
reasonable is encouraging.
There's open source in there which is
good.
Why is it so difficult to just arrange a
reasonable collage here? Hang on. Well,
let me let me actually get the
placeholder for the other plot that I
was going to put on here.
Go put our uh let's see. We can go put
like our little command line dashboard.
I guess that's probably a decent thing
to do, right?
Like, okay, uh, for the person who
asked, like, here's the weird thing
about doing a PhD, right? It's like you
get paid jack as a PhD student, but
you're in like an incredibly valuable
field where like you're immediately
worth a huge sum.
So, like
paying for stuff that saves you time is
actually a totally reasonable thing. And
like valuing your time at your stipen
divided by hours is kind of insane.
Oh, I should make this bigger font,
shouldn't I? Let's not make that
mistake.
Do I Can I just like Oh, yeah. We
totally can. So, we'll just make big
puffer, right?
No reason. Oh, these are saved locally.
Yeah.
There we are.
Uh, hey, I recently found your channel
and thought about going into RL. Any
tips on where to start? Yes, the most
common question I get asked. So, I have
material exactly for this.
Ultra opinionated guide to reinforcement
learning. This links you to literally
everything.
And uh advice for programming in ML. Um
general general stuff. How much would
you sell your whole library right now?
You can't just sell the library because
it's open source, right?
It would more be wanting to acquire like
the company with me included, which is a
very different story.
You can do whatever you want with Puffer
Lib.
However, I can guarantee you if you try
to do uh puffer lip things on your own
without me, it's going to cost you
dramatically more than if you try to do
puffer lip things with me.
So, pretty much the smartest thing that
companies can do trying to do like
cutting edge RL is to just contract us
anyways.
I get rid of this these things that are
like crashed. Um, let me think how I do
this.
So laggy. It's like embarrassing that
it's this laggy.
can't watch live stream. I need to watch
your thesis defense. Yeah, go ahead.
I think you can pretty clearly tell by
my uh by my defense that I'm having fun.
Okay.
Going to do
this.
Yes.
probably could be
longer, right?
What are you going to do if someone
gives you a billion
dollars? Uh, I mean, obviously like do a
bunch of crazy science, right?
basically just try to shove science as
uh just like try to shove fundamental
science starting with AI filtering out
into other areas uh ahead as quickly as
possible with no [ __ ] given with regard
to just about anything
obviously also get myself like a couple
of little houses or something. Not like
I wouldn't spend any money on myself,
but
Like the crazy thing is I don't actually
even need a billion to make that happen.
I think I'm like going to be on a good
path to doing that exactly as I'm doing
right now.
There we go.
Why Neptune though?
Cuz at the moment it's better than WB.
They have uh some weird plans that sound
a little sketchy for it, but at the
moment it is better than W.
Let's put like the cool M's in the
corners, right?
Corners in middle.
Put like
guy here. This guy
down here.
I was full of GPUs. I mean, have you
seen the uh
I think I posted it yesterday or
whatever. We have uh some GPUs.
I missed the setup in Maryland.
Uh where is it?
Roll past all the random snarky replies.
Oh yeah, here. This is the Maryland
setup.
You can see the the GPUs in the back
there, right? We got a bunch of
desktops. We got a couple tiny boxes.
And the GPUs cost much more than the
fitness equipment.
All right, I'll be right back. Okay,
there's a restroom real quick and we'll
finish the poster.
This are all sore from
dead lifts and rolls and stuff
up to
all sorts of stuff messed
Neptune is paid. They have a free
account. They have free accounts at the
moment, which is why I'm you I'm like
allowing this to be our main thing. If
they remove like the free tier entirely,
then I will uh at the very least I'll
swap our default to not be Neptune.
You think getting into RL articles apply
to mid-career software engineers? Also
any grunt work using reinforcement
learning stuff like Puffer?
Uh I mean there kind of is. There's also
I mean it kind of just depends if you
think it's cool or not essentially like
it is a project in which you have a
bunch of people who care about not
writing crap code right about actually
writing good code. So it is a good way
to learn some general software stuff
especially lower level dev. Um, and it's
also just a cool project in general.
Like we like it's actually easier for me
to just train uh people with any sort of
decent like systems background to do RL
than it is to train uh scientists who
just can't write any decent code to do
RL.
Like genuinely, it's harder to teach
people programming than it is AI. AI is
being good at AI is harder than being
good at programming.
other way around. Being good at AI is
easier than is being good at
programming.